---
title: 1.2.0 released
excerpt: Open SDG 1.2.0 is now available! Here are the details.
author_profile: false
---
Open SDG, a reporting platform developed for managing and publishing data and statistics related to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) is built with open-source libraries and tools. It is freely available for any country or organization to reuse and can be hosted and maintained using free services.

Last month, the Open SDG community launched version 1.2.0, marking a significant milestone in the Open SDG journey. Version 1.2.0 includes a number of accessibility improvements, design upgrades, and notable new features.

More is in the works, with version 1.3.0 already in development along with new resources - including a series of training videos - that will make it easier for new governments to adopt Open SDG for their own needs.

The key updates included in version 1.2.0 focus on making the platform more accessible, by adding full keyboard-navigation across all pages, and by streamlining and correcting the text which is read aloud by screen-readers. This ensures that users relying on screen-readers and/or keyboard-navigation will be able to easily find the same information as other users.

Other notable updates include these optional features:

* graph annotations
* disaggregation tab on reporting status page
* custom title/description on reporting status page
* custom title/description on goals list
* language toggle as links (instead of dropdown)
* language toggle in footer menu
* custom descriptions for individual goal pages
* additional source file download buttons

You can view a summary of the updates on our [platform updates page](https://open-sdg.readthedocs.io/en/latest/updates/), and a more detailed list in our [1.2.0 release notes](https://github.com/open-sdg/open-sdg/releases/tag/1.2.0).

Open SDG is currently used by 10 countries and 2 cities or regions. An additional 8 countries and 2 cities or regions are currently developing Open SDG instances. Do you want to join them? To set up your own platform, visit the [Quick Start Guide](https://open-sdg.readthedocs.io/en/latest/quick-start/). Find us on [GitHub](https://github.com/open-sdg/open-sdg) or email us at opensdg@googlegroups.com if you have comments, feedback, need help getting started, or want to get involved with the Open SDG community.